Code of conduct revision (#2)
DefinityTeam/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Definity Contributor Code of Conduct
## Preamble
This code of conduct outlines expectations for participation in Definity-managed communities, as well as steps for reporting unacceptable behavior. People violating this code of conduct may be banned from the community.

## Our Pledge

> We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community an open, welcoming, inspiring, diverse, inclusive, healthy, and harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation. We pledge to act, interact, and provide in ways that contribute to it.

Reviewer: After re-reading, I am in agreement with @TimeCipher, this just feels like a list of diversifying features & a list of "happy"-related buzz words. It should be changed to this, or with some relation to this. 
```suggestion
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a welcoming and harassment-free place for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, or any other diversifying features. We pledge to act, interact, and provide in ways that contribute to it.
```

Author: I can see the buzzwords part, but the features are specifically listed because if it's too vague, anything can fly there. You could argue a *lot* of things as being a "diversifying feature".

Reviewer: That is true, it really depends on if you want consistency with the README when deciding between using specifically my change or not. It should at least be shortened before merge.

Reviewer: [Draft 5](https://github.com/DefinityTeam/.github/pull/2/commits/c295aa7a579d2d52a84f89b25ccb3321e27fde2f) resolves this. This is now concise and easier to read through.

## Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment

> * Disruptive behavior

Reviewer: Simply adding "disruptive behaviour" is much too simple. It should be extended. 
```suggestion
* Disruptive behaviour; this includes harassment, unnecessary hostility and starting unneeded arguments.
```
While I understand this is meant to be concise, the way this is worded is much too simple.

Author: 👍

* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities
Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

This Code of Conduct also applies to actions taken outside of these spaces, and which have a negative impact on community health.

## Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at [support@definityteam.com](mailto:support@definityteam.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

Reviewer: This should provide information for what should be included within the report.
```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at [support@definityteam.com](mailto:support@definityteam.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly. Your report should include the username of the user, a screenshot or direct link to what you are complaining about and why you believe this is in violation of our Code of Conduct, and, if possible, what section of it.
```

Author: 👍
